Story Recapped here. Today I'm going to explain
a horror mystery film called Malevolent.
Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care
In 1986 Scotland, Angela and Jackson Sayers
are siblings who make a living out of scamming
people who believe their houses are haunted.
The duo also works with Beth and Elliot.
They introduce themselves as paranormal
investigators, even though they know nothing
in that field. One day, the team receives
a booking from a small family whose mother
just recently died. Jackson assures Susie, the
daughter, that they will communicate with the
mother and bring her to heaven. Beth and Elliot
operate on the technical part of their scheme.
Angele initiates the interview as preparation
for contacting spirits. Frank, the father,
tells her that his wife's nickname is Maddy.
Angela writes all the information while the
others try to act like they are detecting energies
around the room. Frank asks about Angela's mother,
who has also passed recently. Because of this,
she gets into a sad mood all of a sudden.
Maddy was a tailor; most of the time, she
was always in the basement sewing clothes.
Angela and Elliot, who are the cameraman,
head to the basement and call Maddy's name.
The room is dark and filled with mannequins that
have caught dust. As she tries to talk to the
spirit, Beth signals Elliot to play some recorded
voice. This excites Frank, believing that he has
a chance to communicate with his late wife. The
session ends abruptly after Angela says that Maddy
is now out of the house and at peace. Before going
upstairs to leave, Angela takes a last look at
the dark basement. She notices three mannequins
by the window, so she stares at them intently.
Suddenly, the mannequin in the middle takes
the form of Maddy and tries to attack Angela.
She blacks out and wakes up with a bleeding
nose. At the moment, she is scared and confused,
but Elliot helps her up.That night, they celebrate
in a nightclub after their successful session.
Beth shows them an advertisement in
pamphlet form of their medium service.
The team uses the reputation of the siblings' late
mother to promote Angela's powers as a medium.
Elliot and Angela are not convinced with the
idea, so they walk out. Jackson orchestrates
the sessions because of the debt he owes to loan
sharks. Elliot checks up on Angela about the
basement. She thinks that the team is just playing
a prank on her about Maddy and the mannequin,
but Elliot tells her that he has no idea what she
is talking about. As soon as Angela arrives home,
she browses through pictures of her mother. She
sees an envelope from Laurel Creek Psychiatric
Hospital. She continues to read some of her
mother's belongings and eventually falls asleep.
The following day, she receives a call
from a potential client seeking help.
The woman on the phone sounds frantic, so
Angela tells her that they are unavailable.
She puts down the phone, but the
caller is determined to contact them.
The college dean calls Angela's attention for
brief counseling. She is concerned about Angela
because recently, she is unable to submit
assignments and attend class. Angela says
that she has not been feeling well for the past
couple of days. The dean brings out a newspaper
article titled "American Ghost Hunters Saved My
Family Home." She is now aware of the reason for
Angela's incompetence in school. However, Angela
defends herself by saying that she does it for
extra money. While the dean sermons her about the
importance of focusing in school, Angela hears a
distant whisper calling her name. She glances
at the closed door and notices the knob move.
Eventually, the door opens, and a person with
seemingly bloody hands enters. Angela is confused;
the dean tells her that her nose is bleeding.
She makes her way out of the building to visit
her grandfather. Angela is extremely close
to her grandfather and visits him regularly.
They talk about Angela's mother while she's
there, but her grandfather refuses to talk
about his daughter and dismisses the topic.
Eventually, he gets up and complains about how
her mother talked about hearing voices and seeing
paranormal things. This catches Angela off guard,
and she breaks into tears because she worries
that she might end up like her. Later that day,
Angela looks into the history of the caller's
house and discovers that the owner's foster
children were all found dead. The Sayers receives
another phone call regarding their services.
As Angela arrives home, Jackson welcomes him
with his face covered in scars and bruises,
after a man he owes money to beats him. He asks
her why she declined a client who is an old woman.
She says that scary things go around that house,
but her brother gets agitated after bringing up
their mother. This is still a sensitive topic for
the both of them; their mother wound up committing
suicide because she saw people who weren't there.
Angela walks out and has a meltdown in her room.
Beth packs her things because she is afraid of the
men that may hurt them if Jackson fails to bring
back the money he borrowed. That night, Angela
wakes up in the middle of the night after hearing
noises outside her room. She goes downstairs
and sees her mother in the kitchen without eyes.
She realizes that it is just a nightmare and
talks to her brother about their new client.
Jackson, needing the money to pay off
the loan sharks, agrees to the job,
despite reluctance from his sister. They drive
to the countryside where the house is located at.
Angela cannot stop thinking about her dream
and seems bothered during the whole trip.
They arrive at a gated community, and an old
caretaker opens it for them. All four of them
observe the house's exterior and sense an eerie
feeling. Mrs. Greene, the caller, welcomes the
team to the home as she gives a tour. Mrs. Greene
is a very traditional woman; she highly values
good manners and common etiquette. Jackson hands
her over the payslip, but Mrs. Greene says she
will sign it after the service is rendered. Angela
begins the interview about Mrs. Greene's concerns.
According to her, screaming, laughter, and giggles
were what she heard initially. But over time,
it turned into angry and taunting noises. She
reveals that it has been 15 years since Herman,
her son, committed the act. Mrs. Greene blames
herself for not paying close attention to her